#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.10
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==1.0.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via gdown
cachetools==5.1.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2022.5.18.1
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via requests
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
filelock==3.7.0
    # via gdown
flatbuffers==1.12
    # via tensorflow
fonttools==4.33.3
    # via matplotlib
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow
gdown==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-auth==2.6.6
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
grpcio==1.46.3
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow
idna==3.3
    # via requests
keras==2.9.0
    # via tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.4.2
    # via matplotlib
libclang==14.0.1
    # via tensorflow
markdown==3.3.7
    # via tensorboard
matplotlib==3.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.22.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h5py
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   matplotlib
    #   opt-einsum
    #   plyfile
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
oauthlib==3.2.0
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-addons
pillow==9.1.1
    # via matplotlib
plyfile==0.7.4
    # via -r requirements.in
protobuf==3.19.4
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via requests
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via matplotlib
requests[socks]==2.27.1
    # via
    #   gdown
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.8
    # via google-auth
scipy==1.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   astunparse
    #   gdown
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   grpcio
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
tensorboard==2.9.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-addons==0.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.9.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.26.0
    # via tensorflow
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via tensorflow
tqdm==4.64.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gdown
typeguard==2.13.3
    # via tensorflow-addons
typing-extensions==4.2.0
    # via tensorflow
urllib3==1.26.9
    # via requests
werkzeug==2.1.2
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.37.1
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via tensorflow

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
